Building has bean mankind's continuous task since he ceased to be a cave dweller.
If erecting this type of structure has its hazards for the primitive tradesmen,
how much more complex other hazards for the builder of today?
For this reason,
the department of labor and industry has created a code of regulations to assist in accident
prevention.
Accident prevention begins of the tough management has a vital role in the business of
curbing the accident rate in a rapidly developing industry.
Safety procedures must be studied and applied safety equipment designed
and installed.
For example,
this iron clad signaling unit for hoist latest of its type we'll increase the safety
factor of vertical transport equipment.
Instructions to the foreman should leave no doubt that safety regulations must be adhered to.
Forman are obliged to insist on safety regulations and,
more important,
still to see that they're carried out.
And the workmen himself is just is responsible for keeping to the rules.
That means safety for him and his mates.
The first and most obvious requirement is good housekeeping.
This site is an excellent example of tidiness,
which in turn means less likelihood of accident on all floors.
Good housekeeping is reflected in the avoidance of debris on work waste and proves
that the general foreman is doing a good job.
Small things count,
too.
When form work is stripped,
nails should be bent over to prevent possible injury from walking on them.
Dangerous to workers with normal footwear,
disastrous characters who choose to walk around like this.
Stairways are danger spots in construction work like this.
They invite accident because there is no guarding against paul but fence like
this,
with former two rails melted to form two uprights and a height of three foot six,
they form a fish and safeguards where a person could fall more than six feet.
Tubular steel is,
of course,
an excellent substitute for timber fencing.
But keep stairs clean of debris.
Good housekeeping.
Especially important here.
Fighting is important,
even though fenced,
you can miss your footing in a half life.
But with adequate life,
the danger of falling is largely eliminated.
A lift well can be a fatal trap in some circumstances.
This one is properly guarded by rail and tow board.
But there was an occasion when a workman borrow the guard rail
and didn't put it back.
The builder had failed to provide proper lighting,
and later in the day,
a workmate mistook the lift well for the stairway and fell to his death.
This actually happened is not fiction,
but unhappy things.
The man who borrowed that board has an ugly memory to live with for the rest of his life.
The human head is not designed to take hard knocks and work on a building project with an
unprotected head is asking for trouble.
Safety helmets.
Just what their name suggests they should be one wherever there is danger,
not less than one inch clearance should be allowed between helmet and harness,
and the chin strap should be used so the helmet will not fall or blow up.
Notice also that there is good protection for the back of the head.
This is a good argument for using your helmet.
Anyone below could be killed by that brick.
Some workers have been killed just like that.
Look at this helmet.
A brick fell fifty feet onto it.
The where was not killed.
But imagine what his head would have looked like as it wass.
He was off work for a week with concussion.
Excellent can happen so quickly.
The captains are on the right is going off the job without his helmet.
First upstairs,
a bricklayer picks his tools.
The bricklayer checks to make sure that all is clear below.
But what's what he does with his mortarboard?
If the carpenter had remembered to put on his safety helmet,
he would have avoided a nasty accident.
The risks of falling from the open sides of floors are considerable unless they're properly fence.
In addition to providing safety,
workmen have a feeling of security,
which improves their standard of work.
This building is of lift slab construction and is well fenced with timber guard rails and tow board.
Former two handrails belted two former two uprights.
Eight foot centers are required for guard rails.
At the height of three foot six,
the toe board is of number one timber.
Are not e story buildings.
Tubular steel is equally effective.
And in this case the tote board is secured with steel clip.
This fencing is not up to standard as the stanchions are too far apart.
Better ways to leave two inch holes in the concrete at eight foot centers to take tubular steel
uprights with welded eyes.
This type of steel upright is suitable for cattle,
even warnings or surrenders,
but always make sure those clamps crews are kept tight.
Floor openings can be really dangerous box.
This unsafe practice will stop dust,
but it could be a death trap.
Ah,
well,
cleated.
Substantial shutter is the only thing that will make it safe.
It cannot move sideways.
Large openings are equally,
hasn't it?
But they ceased to be dangerous when god in this manner.
This is a true story of an accident to a crane,
jason.
The crane chaser knows about the shuttered opening.
He walks on it to deliver his load.
His mate is interested in the opening for another reason.
It's a first class disposal chute,
but he doesn't replace the shutter.
The inevitable happened this time familiar with what he thinks is a covered hole,
the crane chaser drops his load.
Because there is insufficient damage under it.
The slings jam.
And in an effort to free the sling,
he steps back onto a shutter that isn't there.
This tragedy was caused by work made thoughtlessness,
inadequate supervision and the chase is earned.
Failure to use proper dunnit proper damage under the load would have
made the removal of the slings and easy matter.
Hoist.
Ours,
if supported,
are now designed for a height of five hundred feet.
And if guide can be two hundred fifty feet high,
this super duty hoist our is two hundred forty feet high.
Post ties in recent years have been the locations of many fatal accident,
and a considerable number of men have been disabled by choice.
Higher buildings require larger voice,
and these operated faster speed.
This sort of thing can and has caused decapitation.
Yes,
just after a fatal accident,
a man took this foolish risk on his way to the dressing room.
It was only sheer luck that the horse driver saw him.
There is no excuse for this man's failure to use the pivot of guard rails,
but even a guardrail does not completely ensure against human carelessness.
Falling objects or another hazard.
If the host is not made,
there's trouble in store for anyone moving below.
Remember that the hoist driver relies on signals that these are mistakenly given.
Accidents may occur,
but they can be prevented by taking proper precautions.
A super intending inspector of the department of labor and industry points out the features off well
designed hoist equipment.
A sheet metal box guard fully covers the motor and coupling
the spur and pinion gear wheels a fully in case that both sides and at the top,
this rule applies to all spoken toothed wheels.
The hoist road leading from the top of the drum gives the correct pull onto the fixed break.
Anchorage all ends,
a revolving shocks and projecting keys must be guarded or shops and keys resist,
as in these nigga head wolfing drums.
Timber or steel struts and head stock prevent movement on the winch frame should be bolted
securely to concrete foundations.
The law.
His diverting xiv is guarded,
but it should be able to be seen by the wind woman in case the rope works off the sheet.
The distance between the xiv and drum,
which is protected by guard rails,
provided the correct fleeting angle so that the hoist probe will wind evenly on the drum.
This angle should never exceed three degrees on a gn group drums the distance from
chief to drum is more than nineteen no.
The hoist driver has overhead protection,
but he should wear his safety helmet when he steps outside.
Twelve gauge steel wire miss should enclose the tired of six feet above the tough loading point.
Loading point.
Gates should be of steel mesh,
six feet high gate switches operator the lights in the winch mons cabin.
Well,
a gate is open.
The bell signal is cut off when the gates are closed.
A green life tells the winch hman it is safe to operate the hoist.
And unsafe act is immediately detected by the winds driver.
In the erection of form work.
Proper precautions will eliminate many dangers.
If a person could.
For more than ten feet,
handrail must be fixed to the outer edges of the form work as soon as the decking is in position.
Handrails protect all tradesmen,
including the men placing country it in position,
while a slab edge board is a practical substitute for a tow board.
And rails are fixed by tubular steel to at least two adjustable steel tom's,
with ninety degree couplers hard up against the underside of the form work,
while in this case timbers used to form the rails,
a second lower rail gives additional safety.
It'll stuff a man rolling under the handrail.
One slip on a man working by this dangerous method is likely the fall.
And from here we reminded that it's not the fall that hurt.
It's the sudden stop.
But working like this from scaffolding is quite safe.
A spur scaffold should be used for forming up on stripping beam sides deeper than two feet.
The rigor is a man with special problems.
His job is difficult,
but we've past the days when he was regarded as a man who could climb anywhere and with brute
strength for steel members into position.
The rigors of the old days paid a heavy price in injured backs,
hernias and the like.
Even today,
it is sometimes the practice to send a new man aloft on a trivial errand to see how well he can
climb.
It's a senseless,
dangerous practice.
A man starting to climb under compulsion like this could easily be the victim of an
unintended but very riel accident.
His mates could be sending him on more than a climb.
While they may regard his performance with interest,
he's taking his life in his hands without the slightest justification.
Will it be moral murder if he falls and
but scaffolding and lift regulations require that safe means of access must be provided to every
working place as the steel workers erected on access is built on a central
bishan so that the rigor can safely reach the level of which he has to work.
Here is complete disregard of safety.
This man may be taking a short cut to save time.
Perhaps his employers encourage him to do it.
Perhaps he just feels too sure of themselves whether a deep beams which cannot
be straddled a lifeline on safety built is a safe means of exit.
This rigor demonstrates the safe way to move across steel beams in high places,
feet on the bottom plan,
hands on the tough one.
There have been cases of riggers falling to their death,
but our friend goes back to his job convinced then an accident could happen to him.
Management and supervision must accept the prime responsibility for the workers under their
control.
But each employee must in turn accept responsibility for his own actions.
When the people working on the job really believed that accidents can happen,
they will adopt safe working practices.
Then,
and only then will we be nearer to eliminating the full guy from the building
construction of the future.
Yeah.